Hello dear friends I am today
I would like to tell you about such
program as binder some
thought about how so with one button I
I iron at once two sentences even three
then unlimited amount i this
one marvelous button any you would
have chosen
there is such a bender how to swim binder he
listed on this diamond rp website
the forum
but I like the need to press a button
so that you press the button only one
the sentence will be in which I tell you
show binder there press one button
there as you want sentences here and here
guys this ginter universal binder
2.3 bike you see for example choose
profile 4 choose the key that we
Well, for example, we want my 4
unlimited number of lines
the amount here for example let's you
choose button 10 and let's get some alt
kai number of lines unlimited though
five move all let's choose 5 lines a
Now the setting here crashes
the table is a binder row with text and
For example, with a command we introduce
Hello
time to go out now I'm all just him
began to lead the text then how are you but I
for example, let it be how are you
Well, I write without it without questioning
because how to hang out with interrogative
familiar now you will see
Then we write as
so that Nikita has to bridge our years
work and for example let it be so
enter this if you well let's start pro
delay insert two thousand delay
this is a delay between words for example
hello after two hundred I do not know what
then probably not a second tossings
milliseconds but I don't know what that is
insert two thousand
and through this here it will be time how are you
dry if you for example killed at all
then there will be you pops up not
flood do not flood
do as i am two thousand two thousand in
the last is mine to set aside
enter it if you want well here on
for example, we click all the checkboxes it will be
yourself pushing the center you push the button
it will immediately be highlighted in the game
chat
if you do not press enter then
you just in line where when will the site
make f6 and write text without
sending here you will be the same and
you yourself can press enter this in order
for example
let's drive flash
have this so that when you injected in
the command at the very end here is his command already
introduced to the sea show there something different
democrat cover
I told you clearly because I do not
I can tell apply here
save apply see how it is
will su acts in a sump
yula dear friends we are females let's get away
run here somewhere and throw a team
here you see the mass of hello how are you
these mascara persons and she herself did not go
because we didn't press the intro
a tick and we can type for example whom
he like albert want to show them
74 and already press enter, but I do not
I will do this and it works like this
Download this wonderful winder from
the link will be in the description or annotations
video and if you liked this video
or I helped you put a like and
subscribe to my channel thank you all
good luck everyone all bye